### AutoaLD Meeting 1

# Attendance
* kicohen
* jlareau
* odb
* agotsis
* epnewman

# Dev Platform

We think that python is definitely a good idea for back end which leaves us with django and flask. We think most of the work is front end with data storage on back end and cranking out xml. Django

# How this is going to work

They are each going to see what it looks like with the dance. Then they have some time to fix the programming. 

# Challenges

* Effects
* VLs

# Color

Master show file isn't edited. Color is going to be fixed presets and color

# Timeline

* Users logging in with differnt cues
* Users get to accurately put times with songs
* Users get to put description or data into a table
* Export json to xml

We need a plot ASAP. TRXs on back wall. Rush PARs on electrics. 6 S4 Pars on each electric. 

Must have working prototype by April 1st.

# Hosting:

C-Club Server

# Application

## Control

Individual Control vs Groups

Client Side: 

Server Side: Recieve cue stack data and export xml
	         Users

Database:    mySQL
			 Store data as string in database

Models:
	- Users
	- Fixtures
	- Dances (Giant JSON Blob)

Dillons Ideal World:
	- All of the above
	- Cues
	- Fixtures (More Advanced)

Fixtures:
	- Rush Par
	- D40
	- Dimmer
	- TRX
	- VL2500

Action Items:
	- Oscar is going to make an HTML Canvas with fixture selecting
	- Dillon is going to make user server side. 
	- Alex is going to work with Dillon
	- Kenny is going to work with Emily to get a plot and MA pc file up.
	- Kenny is going to learn HTML canvas. 

Meeting up next Sunday. Use whenisgood for time. 




